Add more `idaklu` solver options (number 2) (#4282)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CHANGELOG.md

# [Unreleased](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/)

## Features

> - Added additional user-configurable options to the (`IDAKLUSolver`). ([#4282](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4282))
> 
> ## Breaking changes
> 
> - Changed the default `rtol` to `1e-4` in the (`IDAKLUSolver`). ([#4282](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4282))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added additional user-configurable options to the (`IDAKLUSolver`) and adjusted the default values to improve performance. ([#4282](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4282))
```

## Features

> - Added additional user-configurable options to the (`IDAKLUSolver`). ([#4282](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4282))

Reviewer: This should be under the unreleased section

## Breaking changes

> - Changed the the default `rtol` to `1e-4` in the (`IDAKLUSolver`). ([#4282](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4282))

Reviewer: Is this breaking? It sounds like a pretty minor change

Reviewer: This would also need to be under the unreleased section
```suggestion
```

Author: > Is this breaking? It sounds like a pretty minor change

It's a minor change, but it is breaking. If a user relies on the previous default `rtol`, then this will affect their results. Higher solver tolerances may be desirable in some cases (like optimization), so the prior default of `rtol=1e-6` is a reasonable choice for some situations
